Adding a page to the Guides about PR Reviews (#186)
arfc/arfc.github.io: manual/guides/pull_requests.md

---
layout: manual
title: Pull Requests
subtitle: "The #1 Collaboration Tool"
permalink: /manual/guides/pull_requests
---

# Making a Pull Request

> A Pull Requests (PR) merges the changes in a branch of a repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Pull Request (PR) merges the changes in a branch of a repository
```

to the main branch. This means the main branch has all of the updates
that need to get approved before they're implemented.
For the basics on how to create a PR, GitHub has a guide available
[here](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

> Most of the pull requests done in the ARFC group are from a working branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the pull requests done in the ARFC group are from a feature branch 
(not the main branch)
```

> in a personal fork to the main ARFC repository. PRs made by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a personal fork to the main branch in the ARFC fork of a repository. 
PRs made in the ARFC organization should:
```

> ARFC members should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - [ ] Does the test actually test the new/changed functionality?
  - [ ] Does the test successfully test edge cases?
  - [ ] Does the test successfully test corner cases?
  - [ ] If the repository has continuous integration: does the PR pass
        the tests?
  - [ ] If there is no continuous integration, check out the branch
        locally, build, and run the tests.
  - [ ] Do the tests pass on your machine?
  - [ ] Is the PR free of random cruft (built files, `.swp` files,
        etc.)?
  - [ ] Do all files in the PR belong in the repository?
  - [ ] If the PR deletes files, is this appropriate?
  - [ ] If the PR adds files or data, are these new files compatible
        with the repository license?
  - [ ] Make a review, leaving kind comments and suggesting changes
        where needed (to resolve the above).
  - [ ] Has the author resolved all of the comments and suggestions
        in your review?
- [ ] When you approve of the PR, merge and close it.
- [ ] Does this PR close an issue? If so, be sure to descriptively
      close this issue when the PR is merged
- [ ] Thank the author for their contribution.
```

# Responding to Pull Requests Reviews

> Reviews on pull requests includes comments, approvals, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reviews on pull requests include comments, approvals, and
```

suggestions for changes. Comments can include general comments on the

> material or the formatting of the submission. Changes can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
technical substance, documentation, performance, clarity, reproducibility, 
coding style, and even the formatting of the submission. Changes can be
```

> requested for a specific line or lines, where the reviewer will write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requested for a specific line or lines, where the reviewer can even write
```

their own code to improve the committed files. These changes can

> either be ignored or committed directly from the review. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either be discussed in the comment box or committed directly from the
review with the `commit suggestion` button. With this button, the
```

> committed changes are implemented immediately in GitHub, which makes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
suggested changes are committed and pushed immediately
to the PR branch, which makes
```

> incorporating suggested changes faster. Once the PR has been approved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
incorporating suggested changes faster. Do not leave comments un-handled.
All reviewer comments should be incorporated, responded to, handled, or 
discussed further. Once the PR has been approved
```

> by the reviewers, one reviewer will merge the changes and the PR will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by at least one reviewer, a reviewer will merge the changes and the PR will
```
